[Music]
[Music] [Music] [
Music]
[Applause] [
Music] [
Music] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music
]
[Music]
[Applause] [
Music] [
Applause] [
Applause] [Music
] [Music] [Music]
[Music]
every night and we fall asleep at 10 I'm
subtracting The day to repeat it
again and we left we started to the moon
all night
I'm praying
[Music]
[Applause]
that I don't want anything but with you [Music]
[Music]
I'm praying to no one to repeat it again
of the night I've felt
I have the pose in my mind and all the
friends that I don't want anything but  be
with you
[Music]
[Music] [Music] [
Music] [Music
] [Music
] [
Applause] [
Music] [Music]
[Music]
Good afternoon family How are you how
are you
Ugh how strong I put on the spotlight I don't
look pale how are you family
nice party I just had how are you thugs how are you
thugs
good good
thugs Hey Thank you so much for everything eh
Thank you so much for the comments
Thank you so much for the space that
We were watching yesterday
thank you thank you
good nap good nap yes I see myself having
a nice nap because in the morning I
had to do things dude
How was your night
how are you
Okay nothing Thank you very much dude Thank you very much
everyone I have nothing else to
tell you
no no the tests Let's see I'm not going to talk
more about the subject because in the end it's giving
more fuel to the subject and I don't know if Marina
wants to answer something that was said
about her tomorrow or something okay let's see but don't be
annoyed
Why am I not
upset
Javi I think you're not in the hole anymore
I have shitty hair Hey I
have shitty hair man I shaved like a
lot last time because I wanted it
like fluttery and it took off my
toupee and I look horrible let's
see Thanks to you dude for being
brave let's see family I'm not going to say
much more okay everything
that had to be said has already been said whoever didn't
understand it Well then nothing can be
done anymore okay
just Thank you all okay I have
received everything you've said on
Twitter in space It is putting out content
faster than the free time I have
to see it what a 2023 we've been doing yes Pedro
yes Pedro we are going full throttle man And these days
I'm busy with some paperwork in the
morning and I'm not getting as much interest
as I would like Thank you very much honder
family I'm not going to say it's that I'm not going
to dwell on the same thing if we are
going to see the subject The Debate was what it
was okay the debate was the interview with
Antonio David the scam with the
interview Antonio David that if Antonio David
wanted to be with me he didn't want to be with me
The Lie of  always no I have tried
with the utmost education during these
days okay You already spoke to us about this gentleman and
I have tried during these
days with the utmost education to
clear things up but as men okay
not as hicks as men Look
I forgive you I forgive you
let's clear it up admit this ask for
forgiveness nothing's wrong time has passed
with education
Welcome thugs to the macaroni shop
give like kiss thugs you are
thugs
I am thug because the world made me this way It
has more than 8,000 dislikes compared to 5,000
likes but if the live show is let's see
I was watching it after
because vitro
zos before when I was answering I
had seen pieces no and then I saw it
I really found it very pathetic I
mean I found it very pathetic I think that
in fact I think that we have revived it
because it has been a while since I had six
thousand viewers okay but well let's see it
's the game we play to me the issue of the
content okay out of the way it
seems pathetic obviously because it does
not serve for conflict it does not serve to
insult
But within education  of one and the
education of the other that I think has been
more than evident no I mean at
no time was I insulting him or
slandering him or anything
the debate was about proving if Antonio
had called me he had asked for my
number no and when he saw himself cornered he had to
explode I mean yes deep
down I even understand he has
taken the lie so far so
far so far that he can't go back
okay I already showed the screenshot yesterday
I don't know if Marina will want to talk more about the
subject I will tell her that it's not worth it that we move on I already
showed the screenshot yesterday that
Marina asked me for my phone number at 11 in
the morning and I didn't answer until 6
in the afternoon if there is no more if we ca
n't go around in circles on the
subject
because they are not going to understand it and the
people who are with him are not going to
understand it man this morning I saw a tweet from
a lady who told me that
my screenshot which is that it does not prove the
truth Because Marina had sent me
the message at 11 and you went down
at  10:30 dude no you can't do
anything else okay for me the issue of insults is
okay the issue of insults the issue of
threats the issue of slander is
okay the issue of bringing the family in no
that he does that a lot he he always
uses his as a shield okay
his as a shield my mother my hospital my
cat that I found out yesterday that he had a
cat that I had done directly to the
cat okay the issue of bringing the family in
I'm at this point in life
having everything that I've had and this is
painful but it is like this okay this is
painful but it is like this the issue of them
putting So if my wife I wanted to cheat on her
if I have picked up
my son from school or I get up at a certain
time
to me those things really I mean to me
those things at this point in life
gentlemen that I had a stalker at the
door of my house taking pictures of me in the
hallway
gentlemen that I have had to change
homes because a man dedicated himself to
putting my address in all the ads
in life and for having To me that  Tell me
that these people come out and say the
arguments of the mine that I have
wanted to sleep with her and that is why I have
criticized her, you know what I am telling you, if I
even understand it, let's see if I
am taking things from him or if I am
leaving him wrong, if I am leaving him wrong,
then he will have to take what he has from me, and
then there is what affects me or
not, I don't give a damn about anything, do you
understand why? Because these are things
that do not make sense, what was sent is
more than clear, he defended Joan Plana
who said that I in Plana is
appealing and that she will surely win, if I
are things that I even understand, he
has to use what he can, what he
can use, can he take out
some proof that Antonio David
told him that the interview was for him, it
was not a scam, it is how he handles himself, a
scam, okay? And
yesterday the subject was over for me yesterday the subject was over for
me, what had to be
demonstrated
was demonstrated what had to be demonstrated
that was being debated about Antonio Abi,
the subject of proving or not proving was seen
cornered and exploded and didn't talk about that
issue and his entire audience has been
asking him for
proof all weekend his entire audience has been
asking him for proof
both in the surveys and in his chat
and in the comments
but how can't he prove what is a
lie
So that's it, we've already demonstrated
what we want to demonstrate that what he
did to me was a scam or an attempted
scam, no matter what, there is no Look,
who really is we're going to talk
about him more if he lied to his audience until
Twitter has given him the verification he
has bought it
what are we going to expose about him that he is a
liar what is this
is already burning your head for nothing No, I have
said it I said it yesterday with all the
education in the world I mean the education
that I had, I have not had it, okay It's not that
you have been attacking him
Okay, and he has been talking for two years,
Antonio, talking about Rosa Carrasco,
talking about everything, we are all characters, I would
not have cared if he
had been there for two years, the fact of the
insults,
to me, the fact of the insults is worth it,
even the personal attacks,
even from  the slander No, what did he say He's
a criminal All he needs is a
conviction, dear me, [ __ ] off And you
're a swindler, all you need is to be
reported and convicted And you're
a murderer, all you need is to be
reported and convicted anyway I
mean, intelligence is conspicuous by its
absence okay But to me the slander the
insults the level of Amador
the level of Amador
please Roco Jurado's brother
telling me that they would have to come to
Seville to hide behind a car
and hit me hit it head on Amador
hit it head on Amador Where are the
3,000 euros that Chayo was supposed to collect
Where are the three thousand euros that
Chayo was supposed to collect okay
the level was what it is and whoever applauds
that's it okay here he was invited to
come up and debate politely Hey
let's talk about this let's clear up
the interview or turn on the dogs if
you go to Chipin like that tremendous okay to me the
to me the level I don't have to
prove anything there  Someone who believes
that the interview was not intended to
deceive Amador, he had three glasses left
and so much,
I do not have to prove anything there,
only with his attitude of getting
nervous,
only with his attitude he
has always shown it with you, do you still
believe that Maica had changed,
in the end they saw each other? The true
Carrasquistas said it Antonio
David himself, if you have not believed it, there is no
more clear and finished subject. Look, I
tell the truth sincerely and
calmly, it is okay for
me the fact that he insults me, the
arguments he used, the things he brought
up are things that let's see if I
am bringing things up from him. Well, he brings up the
things that he has of mine and insults me and
defames me and the whole return is worth it.
Well there, each one can take a position or
like one more, like
another more, okay in the end. That is the game in which we
enter, what seemed
out of place to me
and since the limit was
completely crossed, completely, completely,
it is the threats to leave
people without jobs, that
is, an attack against
freedom of expression directly
and also very cowardly
is that  that YouTube tool
shouldn't exist But it exists I
could have been stubborn If it had
happened at another time in my
life I would have been stubborn I'm not going to remove
any videos I'll make another one I'll add them
at this time of my life I don't really care you
know So what do you
want me to remove the videos okay come on
I'll threaten me 24 hours I'll remove all
the videos that you're on or you give me some
strikes on YouTube and Twitch
So he wants to kick me out
you can report him
of course of course and what do you do in the
meantime he understands you have to be
fighting you I don't know what I don't know how much very
simple we remove everything we have
of him they are videos that have already been seen
and I put it in the I went into the
YouTube copyright tool tab and
hit report everything I don't know how many strikes he
has okay
I don't like it I am totally against
this issue of strikes and all that to me
what would have seemed more logical is
that today I could have had his live stream here
quietly without fear of coercion
extortion or threats or anything like that
and we would be here  responding
to everything he says and those things no,
that's what I know is what has to be
done
no But well that's it because of this guy I do
n't know how he gets along with that filth Okay
when you corner him and
when you corner him and he has no argument
and no way to defend himself, well what he
does is threaten to take your
job, well that's it, well
this guy is over, I'm going to upload those videos to
chardeos I have to give him wings the
afternoon channel will stay in stardeos whoever
wants to upload it can upload them and you can
do whatever you want with those videos
now he's not going to have
absolutely anything of mine
I don't know if the reports have arrived yet
on all the videos that I had of
mine, I don't know whatever it
is okay but it's just that there's no more, I mean it's
just that eh it's just that
I'm the issue of the insults the
anger the defamation not even that he doesn't bring
things out of me like if they've
sued me on YouTube that if another
youtuber has sued me that if I don't know well
in the end they are things that he has to do with
since you don't have videos you can
do one and if he throws it at you you
claim it when you claim it and they
give it back to you you do another but claim it the
same and when you win you do another it's
not that important to me I know that let's
see I know that he does I know that
for him yes he understands that he has a
rage against me and this Javi has
exposed me I don't know what I don't know how much
but it's not that important to me I mean
I could have gotten stubborn I've
done it on other occasions I've
fought with Dross or I mean anything that he
said yesterday he already brought it
out two the other one already brought it out I mean there's
nothing that can destroy me nor is there anything
that can or that people don't know I have
my mistakes I have my successes and there will
be things that everything I bring out There it
's dismantled in fact and the trials
that I have I'm winning them all not
obviously as it can't be any other
way but that he brings out the
things to me, he brings out the things to me and that you
use insults and that thing well in the
end that's what he has he had to
Show some  There is no evidence of what happened in the
interview, so he went
there, he exploded, he felt cornered and
threatened, that's where I
understand it and that's the game we
're in, I mean, here what we have to be
very clear about is all of us who are
dedicated to this, there are many who
still don't
understand it and don't accept it, okay,
here we are exposed to criticism
and opinion as if a person
wants to make 28 videos of you every day as if you
want to get yourself out, he understands me. So if
you make a video for me that I can
react to it and answer you and see it here
to what you're saying and responding,
okay, what I'm
telling you, I mean, the issue
of insults and such, it seems to me that it's
part of the game, what's not part of
the game anymore is the issue of
throwing away your livelihood and also with
malice because he has said many times directly
that he knows that I have a mortgage, that I have
two children, that I have, I don't know what, and that he
has everything paid for because he has made a
fortune with the ladies, in these years he
has made a fortune, okay, with the PN, with the ladies he
has made a fortune, he already has the  life covered
and if he has to stay without a
channel because of a strike war then I
don't have the need I don't need it
okay There are the videos they
stay in standard everyone You know
what there is what it is people believe me that's it
I have gone into the tab I
have reported mine But simply
Because if you threaten me to connect
there then you are not going to have any videos of mine I
don't know if I will have any left out there without
reporting him but whatever it is whatever it is I am
going to
report it
on any platform and on any
channel I would not like it or be sincerely
true and I want to make it very clear to
myself that this YouTube tool should not exist
that YouTube tool should not
exist because then
we depend on that now one suddenly gets
burned because he does not admit that I tell him one
thing you know
[Music] that's
not how it is Okay and less when
you are being spoken to politely
and less when and less when you are being
spoken to politely
okay what I told him was
This is what I have Tell me what
you have come here ask me Excuse me I'll give you my
hand  each one on their own cordiality or
rather everything with Total cordiality that I
could sue what I could
report them Yes but look I'm not going to tell
a bluff or rather sincerely I'm not going to
get into anything the
worst thing is that he messed with your family
Javi yeah but it's the level let's see if it's
the level of one and the level of the other with
that we've already won And such But
to one person already what are you going to say more that's it I have
deleted the videos no he
wanted that no that
his videos were not there he uploaded not on my channel they are no longer uploaded they will
be on stardeo okay He is
no longer absorbed they will be late or
okay without more each one has been left as it should be
but that he does not have a
single click of mine on any of his channels
okay the subject of Maika
is that I do not know what to tell you the truth about the
subject of Maica I do not know what you think about the
subject of Maika I do
not know really I do
not know what to tell you the truth the subject of
Maika
well it is clear that she already hangs out with those
people and that she talks to those people I do
not know if that would be being false or not because
she is not my friend either
simply recently we did  like a
cordiality So if she thinks that I'm
jealous of him Juan I think she
's saying it to play along with
me she just understands me I think she's
saying that to play along with him because he's
with them because he has their audience
you just the opposite of what
he expected
I don't know what he expected
me to do eh I've been like this for a long long
time I've been like this for a
long time taking
things this way but things have to be
taken as they are I mean things have to be
taken as they are if you're
wrong what would I have done if I were
him hey I don't have any more let's stop
saying that white is black
Hey look Javi yes This was like this today Javi
I interpreted it wrong I wanted
Antonio David to want me alone myself
I interpreted it wrong Javi that's it
sorry each one for their side and that's it let
each one think what they want you know
but what he did yesterday
for me was
the straw that broke the camel's back and that with this
man you can't interact and that's why
no partner is with him okay he's
a man who no longer has a way out  that he
saw himself completely boxed in and that he
felt attacked so even I
understand it okay In that sense even I
understand it there is no argument it has
nothing I even understand it okay I don't have it I'm not
going to get stubborn or insist Hey well I
tell the truth Hey well this is
how it is Hey well this is Asa
whoever didn't understand it Will never
understand it it
's an absurd waste So his
community
and I mine I
have the
thing with Maika I told you man I didn't want to be
right but I told you neither dancing
water nor anything she's a climber I'm not
going to say anything I'm not going to say anything it didn't
seem right to me and that's it no but that's it
everyone can think what they want you
know what your problem is that you think
the rest are just as honest as
you choco club but I'm not going to
change I
mean if you think that I'm going to change
for I am how I am I am how I am
and this is the one there is
and Yael who crashes into a wall he
knows that he's a fan of mine
he knows Sergio no no he doesn't go to the
gym at all man he knows that he's mine he knows that he
worships me he knows that  he wants to be
like me and he knows that he watches all my
videos
what do I have to do here
arm wrestling with a person who is not at my
level I'm not going to arm wrestling with a
person at my level
And if he sues you Well if he sues me I don't
know why but if he sues me
if he sues me well my lawyer will
defend him and it will be another trial you see
that I'm going to go to jail
[Laughs] what a bunch
of thugs we are
but it's true I mean we're not going to arm
wrestling with people who are not the
same as us
Amador I'm not going to sue him let's see what I
saw Let's see is that you guys
often tell me things
and they seem worse than they are
when I see them I
mean you told me that Amador
had said that he wanted to come to Seville to
hit me with a stick hide behind a
car to see me with a stick I don't know what
no
and that he was going to set the dogs on me let's see
what I saw yesterday is a man who is already
as he is a man who since he was
young has been as he has been okay a man
who still hasn't clarified Where are the
3000  euros from the daughter that he billed and
a poor man who is the
type of person that he is and I'm going to leave it like that
okay then he said something actionable I
mean what I saw was that he had
two glasses of milk too many I didn't know that there
were a couple of a couple of a couple of
glasses of milk too many and he
was seeing people who are like him
instead of watching his daughter who
was on Alberto Men's Channel who
gave a spectacular interview his daughter
and instead of seeing his daughter
instead of seeing his daughter well he was there acting like a jerk
playing The Goose
not
reportable that
nothing he
said it half laughing and it's a clich it
wasn't like a threat Real Like I
mean the players can't be used what
the court can't be used for
nonsense get courage and report read but the thing is that you ca
n't condemn that they're not
going to condemn that my daughter You have to be
realistic they're
not going to condemn anyone for saying that
in the tone that he said it I
mean I am
many times you watch many movies
many times you
watch many movies many times one
thing is like what my friend told me  of
Yo Juan when I see you I'm going to blow your
head off I've already warned you I don't know what
completely Seriously, besides he
took care of it badly but what happened yesterday with Amado
was more than anything pathetic on his part he
came off as a jerk okay
and that's it but you can't go to the
police and report that
Don't freak out either eh I know you're
all eager to But don't freak out
but the one who said he was going to report him
It was you Of course because here people
were telling me like he had meant it like he was
threatening me one day
we'll go to Seville I'll hide behind a
car and hit him with a stick but the
way he said it was like saying
this guy to hit him twice that's not it I mean I
think worse of him I think
infinitely worse of him
So you're going to tell me about a man
who organized a concert for his sister and
his sister had to pay almost two
million pesetas
because he had left his sister stranded a
concert that she didn't even know that she had
hired the concert
that it's written in the press that they
sentenced Roco Jurado to pay I don't know
if it was a million and a half two million
pesos or so what am I going to think about him
because those who have to get together get together
then here we are those who have to
be and There are those who have to
be without more I mean I'm not going to enter
anything else I don't know if Marina
wants to respond tomorrow If she wants to
respond
I think not to the youtuber I think
Marina is going to respond to Amador because she
said some ugly things about Marina and
like Marina didn't say goodbye to him or
whatever you
know but I didn't give him any more Ball the
story is over Yesterday it was demonstrated what
had to be demonstrated
the subject is best that it ends there without
more
Javi if in your place I would make
two videos every day but it's just not that
important to me really that
would be obsessive it's just that it does
n't have It's not that important
dude the subject is over okay the
subject is over about them the subject is over there is nothing
more to talk about nor is there anything more to prove
nor is there anything more to debate I mean neither am I going to
think differently about any of them
neither them nor those who are with them are
you going to make them understand anything
they will continue to respond to you that they talk to the wall that they do what they see that they do what they see I hope not Roberti but you have strike no no I deleted everything that's it but come on that's completely illegal that's completely illegal that tool on YouTube should not
be you have to waste
time complaining I don't know what Look it's not
worth it to me on to another topic gentlemen 9
million views on Javier canijo
three and a half on telesalseo and almost 3
million on Javier canino next month I'm
cheating on my wife
again to have another nine okay
well
Juan guarnizo
has talked about the auron subject
and he's putting me He's
putting me places in the outline here
possible indirect from Juan guarnizo to
Javier oliveira
or in other words he
has messed with me Juan guarnizo I don't
think so it's not a joke I won't do it time is
dedicated to people with relevance
not to see me I wouldn't really care
and let's leave the subject okay but
forever okay I wouldn't mind
responding and look at the insults he has
said to me  and now I answer him and now of course
this and now of course the other thing is the game
in which we move okay But if
we are already with strike moves and fraudulent things I can't anymore if we
put ourselves like this we will
all lose now with that it is not
possible In fact that is a
tool that should not exist on
YouTube okay he did not mention you Javi you do not
talk about Albert and Rosario pan I
have to see it I still have a piece left
but I
will release a video I will release a video on
telesalseo and today you take a Manuel
surely we will comment on some
things that he has said some
headlines that well congratulations on seeing
the interview but the fact is that I have not seen it
all yet Okay when I see it I will release
videos and I will release things okay let's see
let's see what Juan Guarnizo said
but it seems that they divide and
separate that line less and less and they are
already getting things into personal things
but the thing is that
everyone is getting involved and it is very complicated and it is very
stressful me friends as I have told you and
And the truth is how am I going to continue
repeating it all the time  I'm going to
worry solely and exclusively about my
peace of mind and I'm very tired of the
tense atmosphere that exists on the internet in
the last few weeks, the
last few months, many of you people are not
aware and it's not because I'm acting like a
poor thing or anything. So it's
something that I understand is part of my
job and that I have to learn to
deal with and I think I've learned to
deal with it over time but it's been
approximately a month and a half now where
every week I have different people
telling me everything, it's been a week they
call me this, a week they call me that, a week they call me that, a
week they call me that and a
week they tell me the other thing, I've literally been like this
for more than a month and a half,
a month and a half they're talking about Juan, a month and a half they
're talking about Juan
Spencer. Thank you very much, Rey, big kiss.
But Javi, why do you still have
your live streams? Pilar, queen, let's leave the subject alone.
That subject is really over. That subject has been
removed from my channel, it has been
removed from all channels
so that it is not brought out again.
If it has a video with me, then it will
surely fall on you. Okay, I've already explained to you that
the subject is over, that subject died, it doesn't exist
since the  auron no let's see but the thing about
auron the auron thing
wasn't with him if anything it's that people
were asking him for his opinion no
and they're getting very intense with me
when they're not getting intense and they
often drag me into problems
that I'm not even involved in
and I have absolutely nothing to do with it I'm
telling you seriously I've been going through a month and a half
where every week I have to endure a
different insult
and they range from stupid
to illegal things it's not a joke
since all this is happening I have
decided to stay absolutely silent
not say anything try to manage my
normal life try to manage my
normal content try to focus on the
good things and that's what I'm trying to
do all the time I only ask you
please don't be heavy I mean if
you want to consume
gossip content every week and be talking about
this topic believe me I have a very good
relationship with almost all of these channels there
are things that I simply do not
agree with like doing a full live
talking about whether I get along with a person
or not
why for me
I don't know if I've done a full live
about whether people get along or not  but extract I
have like 7 But why
I think it's for you
but but why There's a problem with I
mean no I don't understand
what the problem would be in doing a
live show to see if they talk or not talk to each other Well of
course No if there is a distance
and it is seen and it is noticed in the public
what would be the problem I do
n't understand What is the complaint about that, these
are things that are passed over that it
already feels even dirty you know
dirty
I pass absolutely everything and but
dirty dirty whoever
talks about Dallas no no but dala hasn't
done this topic live no I mean I
understand that it's for me I don't know if Uncle
Sur has done a live show on that
topic or the cell phone
but I don't know I don't understand let's see well of course
No if it is noticeable that there is a distance
if it is noticeable and then the mother also
puts things I don't know what they do
n't let you enter the hole anymore
is it true uncle
another another event that I am not going
to see I posted the tweet knowing that they are not
going to invite me
Uncle Sur also did a live show but of course
but if it is normal if it is that it is the
topic I mean It's
logical
It's logical no
Juan you  closed the hole but let's see
when I put the tweet when I put and I
put it to touch the nose a little and
so that people quote it saying you know I have
put them even grefg when he says I'm
going to do a tournament okay but already
part of the subject of that
which I don't understand
what the problem would be no
but no that we talked about that subject no
and that's the only thing I'm going to tell you I
leave you my hole so you can do what you
want ancestor
[ __ ] in a hole I'm going to get into a
hole I'm probably going to get into this
probably with this you already have one
more video have one more live but
if you want to get more out of me you're not going to
get it
clearer let's see if he makes some statements
Well of course we have another video but
if it's about us informing no
and that we make Echoes of everything, I mean, I do
n't understand What's the complaint and the
melodrama of telling it in this tone I mean I'm
not getting it I don't know if it's because I have
n't woken up for my nap yet
or what
because I absolutely pass on this
shitty environment it's very annoying It's very
uncomfortable it's sad and
perfect if you want to consume that And you
want to keep talking about it it's okay I've been going for
a month and a half where I tell you they've
called me absolutely everything and they've
said absolutely everything to me and I don't
care a little bit now the truth is
I care very little so but
but you see It's that here you'll see
that I'm not here on this channel No neither me nor
the chat has been disrespected
here it won't be disrespect or being
insulted that there are people out there on
Twitter insulting him well I
condemn it a lot I really tell you I can't
tell them they should stop being
interested in absolutely all of that because
well I understand that the internet is
content and we are clowns in
front of a camera and we have to
put up with absolutely everything that
comes to us but
for my part it's that's it
for my part it's that's it it's very
annoying It's very uncomfortable it's very sad
me too I'm here and have you noticed
that in the last month that I've been doing my
things without more since the whole internet
went to hell the only thing I've
dedicated myself to is doing my things
And if I have to give my opinion on something I
try to do it  even with the utmost
respect For example when the
thing with the tiktok podcast happened I do
n't know why I was putting more [ __ ] on the internet
than there is currently
the same message that went viral on
tiktok so that they would continue attacking me
once again, ibai, rubias, and all
these people in fact it's becoming not very
funny they even took it to
insult us for another week
Oh I didn't comment on that subject,
the crying because you and it was becoming gossip
I didn't comment on it the truth is that it is It is
complicated and
unfortunately there are many I mean no the
message is badly said there are many more
people who can contribute to you
in a positive way and who say positive things to you
but the negative things are very noticeable
and when you go for several
weeks like this it becomes very noticeable
and it makes you believe that things are going bad it makes you
believe that the whole world is
against you it makes you believe that you are a son of a
[ __ ] and you are a monster like people
say but then you realize that
well there are many people who love you and who
will be there for you
and I
don't know it's just that's how the
human mind works  I mean we can read 200
nice comments we read just one
bad one and we get stuck we get stuck on that one it's that's
it and and
we read 300 nice comments and the only one that we
say the best I'm going to respond to
this son of a [ __ ] is the ugly comment It's
always like that and that's how they are Yes yes that happens a
lot
the vast majority of people but but
that friends
nothing nothing is going on in my
personal life if that's what interests you yes my
personal life with everyone at this
moment is exactly the same I'm
completely calm I'm
completely fine I get along with the They won't
have one more live guess where we are
eyes
shut up I didn't get it
no but it refers to after this it
refers to after this
the people that I've gotten along with my whole
life for my part there is no kind of
problem And stop getting into
personal things now it's very different from
talking about what El Rubius posted in his
last tweet But who has gotten into personal things
is that maybe
we're missing something here no family I mean maybe we're
missing something here
Who has gotten into personal things
I'm asleep today
with the [ __ ]  see I was deleting 500
million videos I've been sleeping of course
Auron's brother of
course let's see now I understand
One's annoyance the annoyance that Juan has is that
the gossip channels
are
giving coverage
or echoing the stories of
Auron's brother of
course
Of course but let's see what we do I mean I
can I can avoid a topic on
a specific day because it's something special
because you know what I'm telling you something But
[ __ ] but if it's something that all of
Twitter is talking about
and that everyone talks about what do we do
the most I can do is treat it
with the utmost respect possible no
and something very different already get into
investigating to see that far from always
happening the brother is going to say things that he doesn't
even give he will say
and start to theorize I don't
know I don't
know how to start I think it's something that I don't
enjoy it not only because it tries to
me I wouldn't enjoy it in general the
truth is you have to
see the nautera video grandpa it
seems to me that he structures the video better jsjs
by the way that's how I've heard that he
calls you dirty for doing his live
that's to cry for  20 minutes and it's
good but to condemn coscu it doesn't
surprise me at all
and I say this without any intention of attacking
with all due respect in the world Okay now we'll
see nautiverio's video
or rather but the video in authors is this It's
just that he's responding to him no let's
see what surprises me and I say this
with everything with all due respect in the world
without any intention of attacking or anything but [ __ ] you
dedicate this video to me
When this would have ended a
couple of weeks ago Hey of course
we condemn coscu and we don't think you
know what I'm telling you we condemn what
Costco has done and we don't think it's right
that he's in the Main of the evening something
like that no Although I don't say I'm not going to go because I'm
not going to go to the best closing the
door at work whatever But hey
we think it's terrible that this is the Main
something like that no and in general with no one
with absolutely no one too
I for my part for example have already
tried not to even watch anything
Many times I find out that there are bad
vibes that in a series that the other
insulted this one who is stopped following this one
because you tell me at the
beginning of the live and what  I answer them
okay
what happened on Twitter with I don't know
what happened with Madeline it's
literally been like this I found out it's that
Convincio stopped following this one and I do
n't know what what I do nothing what happened with
Medaly Macan
I'm fine friends I'm fine I have to
tell you that obviously
what's happened in the last few
months is very heavy it's been that every week it's a
new insult every week it's a
new angry group when I've literally
been weeks and months where I'm very
calm because the internet is already
upset enough for me to upset it more
because I don't have any need to
upset it because I can have
Javi without offending Juan he believed that
because he was your friend those of the gossip mongers you
were going to treat him differently a bit naive let's
see I'm going to tell you something He is
treated very well
in fact And of course he has been treated
differently because of the friendship that we have on
some occasions And in some topics that have
come up there
are even times that things have not been touched on
on an important day for them, I
mean like nothing is happening nothing is happening nothing is
happening I mean it's
as if I there is an issue that
affects Dallas or  to uncle south and he says
hey please
whatever today is a
special day I know a thousand things no
imagine there weren't times when
consideration has been taken and in fact in fact I do
n't think he is treated badly I mean but I do
n't think anyone is treated badly
Unless it's someone who
goes too far no
but
In fact he is never disrespected he is never
treated quite lukewarmly
to Elia Ari
now
what do I do I
mean what can I do not try
not to try this
I don't know the most I can
tell you is to kiss the subject but I
don't kiss the subject straight away hey Hey about Goku
dad dad out
20,000 30,000 40,000
saying Then the other one is saying I do
n't know if he is I don't know how much space what do we
do directly without having to come here
to rant at everyone
insult anyone get into anyone's life
criticize anyone definitely
not So that's what I
ask you please at least in
my chat Don't come to continue with that
because because if I don't talk it's  because I
simply don't care and because I don't
want to get involved in the vortex of [ __ ]
that you've been in for months
because no, I don't know, are you
going to the chuchup? Yes, in fact, in
no time I'll finish, I'll go there, in no time
I'll have dinner and I'll go.
Relax, I'm fine. I'm very
well and simply. Well, yes, it is annoying
every day having to see something
new, a new insult, a new person.
That is very annoying. And it is very
stressful,
and even more so when you're not doing
anything wrong,
frustrating.
Well,
those are opinions, I think the word
is frustrating,
being in the public eye when you're
literally doing nothing,
being in the public eye, even for
doing nothing.
But well, nothing, in quotes,
air with you, to the chuchup. Ari, in fact, today
she's invited to After Kings
to see. I understand, uh, I mean, I understand that I
understand that it bothers her that she's the subject of
attention, and when it's someone who
has behaved well with me and someone with
whom I get along well, like in your case, I
try to deal with the topics as
cordially as possible, lukewarm as possible. No,
but what we also can't do is
avoid a topic and have you get offended.  for
this
Javi that broom hair I already know dude I already
know don't tell me anything about the hair that traumatizes me he
behaved well out of interest Javi Okay yeah
but okay let's see okay okay I mean I don't know I don't know that's
things that you're
taking for granted how
great the people who are
writing to me dude
How great
no no arie started by saying that we should leave
the coscu issue behind because they are things
of the past knowing that what he did is
strong
kiss Dark Thank you very much No no Ari
started by saying that we should leave the
coscu issue behind because they are things of the
past
knowing that what he did is strong
but it's that they didn't close the issue
because the issue The issue could have been closed
that same day eh I don't know if maybe it's that they
feel between the peace of the wall I do
n't know if maybe it's that they don't know how
to handle it they don't know how to move in these
types of situations no but
really I think that the first day or
rather the day the day of Ari okay
thank you very much the day of Ari's thing the
day of Ari's thing
well the next day she could have come
out and said
No look I didn't know about coscu
but now I do
I know and I think this I'm not done the way he did it I think it was even worse it was even worse it was even worse eh lizy Thank you so much for that Prime thank you so much really Let's see Dallas has answered these clips because he saw them on Twitter
kiss Juan
a kiss Juan it's clear son that Juan
Lpez de Zrate who just wrote to me
Juan Guarnizo attacks Javier calls him
dirty for doing a live Talking about
his relationship with Auron
the [ __ ] that nobody called him and he got involved anyway
but he complains about people talking about
him and what about Javi it seems to me that he wanted to do the one
of taking with all the
gossip channels so that people would speak softly about him
but with this one it didn't work out and that's why he
cried but look at you that I haven't given
him Montecar welcome King
Thank you so much, it's not that I have
trite it or anything like that eh
I have not trite it either that he
went for her sack or rather he even
cut off some of my opinions
really I tell you eh I don't think he
talks about you explicitly
tasty old man
Okay
then  Thank you very much, thank
you very much, Faraday
Javier, totally lukewarm, but with him and
with many others, with him and with many others, I am
no longer Javier. Go ahead,
says Dallas. That tweet is crystal clear,
how he emphasizes it, I talk to all of them,
this guy thought he could have them
all under control to cover up his
screw-ups, like he tried to with me back in the day,
and now he's replying directly to
neurofunker's tweet.
Poor Juan the chorizo, and he still has
n't condemned Coscu, but he does
have time to talk about his friends, and they don't know
how to close a conflict.
Yes, I think that could be it, eh. I think that
could be it, eh. They don't know how to
close a conflict and how to handle it
because this was closing very quickly, it was
closing very quickly, that same
night, that same night that they
were telling Ari such and such and that she
went out the next day.
Thank you very much. jpg
that same night when Ari came out to say,
no, that I didn't know anything, okay, come on, you don't
know anything, come on, Okay, well, let's go, let's go and
close it. Hey, I didn't know
anything, but now I do know, of course, that
's what's going to appear to me, well, it
seems terrible to me, it seems horrible to me. I have
face seen today it
seems like I smoked seven joints no the
problem of looking good the problem of
wanting to look good with everything is that you don't
look good with anyone
what a cameo eh Cristofer protagonist of the
total gossip
the anger with the ghosting
and not being in this one is a bit noticeable Yes let's see
really I think in part
evidently yes
but let's see or do I say my sincere opinion
because they want Juan and Ari to condemn
Coscu no Let's see it's not that they don't
condemn that would be good No since you're going to
go to those types of events no it's not that you
condemn but at least you do
n't defend Here the problem
was that
someone they got into the subject I
mean if you notice it's not being
thrown in the face of Carola or Pulsito
or Auron or almost anyone The problem
is that they came in to talk about Coscu
So if you talk
something is missing there no
Now Juan does come out to talk but with the thing about
Auron and Beijing They didn't say anything let's
see about Dallas' anger with
these people yes evidently  we're not going to
deny that there's anger over the issue
that I don't support them conectadeo but I
think that added to the fact that he
forgave them and gave them a kind of opportunity
but along the way it seemed like
the thing didn't quite fit with them I imagine that was
going down that way you can't go from
zero like that in one day like that because yes there
was something before in what I believe and what I
think was there is that it didn't quite
fit them but I was giving them a kind of
opportunity I will
do it I even called sister Virgin
well the sisters haven't
lived enough they lack street they
lack street in the gossip
and I'm really sorry Juan
but it's that here the
guy who makes the outlines is putting me
the stories of today of the brother of
auronplay or I mean this is already like
this is already like a few episodes
of a series or what I
mean this is already like every day
every day a new episode comes out stop
messing with my hair man I mean I'm
going to have a really complex
For a month when I get my hair back do
you think Germn will say something
Well, I'm being very honest with
you guys,
but at this point
I think he's not going to say anything.
Well, I think he's not going to say anything
to anyone. No one who hasn't
said anything yet is going to say anything.
That's the reality, guys, accept it. No one, no one who
hasn't said anything. No one is going to
say anything anymore.
Javi. Don't pay attention to them, dude. You look
incredible, we accept you with your hair like that.
I don't know why the [ __ ] I cut it
so short. My wife told me too. It
's the High at the Ibagu event.
If someone speaks out, they'll make it clear.
But let's
see, this story, no more.
This story, no more. It's a joke, what
is this?
[ __ ] the people who are contacting me,
man,
how strong,
how strong. I'll do it
there. You've made me feel bad, dude. Each
one with a different size. Let's see it like this. I
repeat every word I've said for
years, the facts prove me right, and it will
continue to happen.
Insult your [ __ ] family, rat
that no. This is what no. This is the most
famous thing you're going to do in your life. He
grabbed a
chick from Twitter
who  he's messing with his mother that
old lady is crazy No wonder
Auron's brother is half schizophrenic
Oh look I put it here
And to top it off the chick then did another
Live super offended because Auron
claimed what she did is that there has been like
a lot of gossip with him with the encores
that Auron's mother sent here the next
day no
Auron's brother is the typical one that I
ask you for a cigarette with the
whole pack because
the subject is going to get buried
again The good thing is that many of them dropped their
masks I don't know what to tell you give Hey don't
mess with Auro's brother eh because I
like what he's doing and he's
stirring up the hornet's nest we're seeing the
hornet's nest Okay Let's mess with him separately
because the [ __ ] does he say that
[Music] I
like it Rubn me too I was
going to tell you I was going to tell you
something and I lost my mind I
'm going to tell you something but I looked at my
phone and it went Javi will you join the
Dallas' proposal to notify the
brands It's
that I don't like doing that or being a
part of that, I directly, the
truth is I know that this case is different that it's
not like you were outside
gossiping no and you're dripping to
someone out of envy no longer but
it's like feeling as if it were something of mine, I
mean like let's see if it were
me who was affected you know but me
getting involved It's as if I had something
personal against the evening take it I
personally more than something I mean I
think that obviously Goku has to be
removed from the evening and it
seems to me a disgrace that at this
point they
are trying not to speak out and
draw a thick veil no as they say no
obviously my opinion is what it is
but from there to me participating or sending
you guys to go to that
no That seems to me to be taking it
too personally you
know I give it an importance that it doesn't
have
so much lawyer with a photo of a bear doll
starter pack
that we have to get rid of some lie that he
said a greeting
lawyer with a photo of a bear Well here is
that  he's also referring a little to
the people not what the
people who are messing with him are commenting on, don't
pay attention to Auron's brother, I don't know
what,
crucify an old lady for
defending her son and who doesn't have a
[ __ ] clue how the internet works and
defending abusers and psychopaths
I hope the human being becomes extinct
quickly because every day it disgusts
me more there's a [ __ ] stuffed animal or rather what matters to me is this story there's a [ __ ] stuffed animal of the doll and we don't have it here in our studio there's a [ __ ] stuffed animal of the doll and we don't have it in the studio
buy it but I don't know what the
[ __ ] stuffed animal's name is
well let's see obviously
Here he is defending his mother
obviously not And what pisses me off or
hurts me the most Is that I have to come out because I have
enough on my plate to defend
someone who doesn't even talk to me because others don't
have balls they only defend those who
treat them badly let's
see what I'm going to say here what
I want to say here is that I
think he's referring to what
Ruben and Dallas should do  a
debate Haha yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
what a pleasure to see what
I think is being referred to here about
him not talking to his mother
maybe not that he doesn't talk to his mother
that maybe he doesn't talk to his
mother or whatever not that
he's the one coming out to
defend his mother instead of others who
defend other people I can't imagine I don't
want to say
much better either In fact each one of you
understand it how you see
this I don't understand what that is I do
n't know what
the truth is I
don't know what that is but oh well
mother of Diego mother of God
Javi on Amazon they sell it seriously have you already
located
seriously have you already located the stuffed animal
seriously locate the stuffed animal
the evening doesn't matter it's a private event
and they can do with their money whatever they
want the sad thing is that people still
support that group of streamers let's see the
money from brands no also no I mean they are
brands that are supporting that no that in
a certain way also
[Music]
tiki tiki meow meow tiki tiki meow meow
Hey, I'm going to buy that doll, eh?
Exactly, Maria Jose, exactly.
Well, let's talk about the
Paula gonus controversy, I've been
putting it in the title for two days and in the end we never have
time,
okay. It turns out that Paula
has gone viral in the last like 48
hours
for a clip that is
supposed to be a criticism of the
Andalusian seat, but I think it's taken out of
context. And it's more common praise or a
joke,
okay. Look, this is the clip, let's see how
you guys would take it,
listening to it
and creating content, but the merit of
being a person named Juan
from his [ __ ] house and having 40 people
watching you speak in Andalusian and
surely 70% don't even understand you
much. If I don't say no, I don't say no,
but for me that's the one that most.
Thank you very much, but let's see, it's that it
has, it's a compliment, it wasn't
like, it wasn't an attack, it was
n't an attack,
okay, it was a compliment, I mean, it's
like saying, but let's see, there's
nothing bad, it's true, it's that
the  Andalusians have a way of
speaking that is a little more peculiar than expected,
some worse than others
and look at you eh me For example, I have
changed my accent a lot over
the years that I have been here at the
beginning if you go to the beginning at the
beginning at the beginning at the beginning of
my channel the videos that are left there
is that there are videos that do not understand me, I
mean but people from other side do not
understand me But that is how it is it does not matter what I
feel proud of myself to speak I mean I like it
now you are understood
now you are understood clearly it was
explained badly but I did not want to be rude no no
but yes in fact it is a compliment
in fact it is a compliment when I saw you for the
first time your voice upset me and to think
that today you are my ASMR
and you are the best churra you have always
changed but for the better professionally
speaking A hug my best wishes a
hug Thank you very much for your words Thank you
very much for your words there is no
more I mean it is not an attack
what you are saying quite the opposite
[ __ ] that has merit that has merit I have
never said that you would have to be an
idiot I am not that much  I literally
said that for me, Juan is the top
content creator because he entertains
without blockbusters from his home. The
other thing was going for a previous context where I
said that it's even Latin that they haven't
heard that accent. It's never that I
imagine a Latino and I'm telling you the
truth. I mean, a Latino
listening to our accent as you know,
many times freaking out, not
only with it, not only with
the words themselves But
the expressions. No, he and I and I look over
here what I did.
There are many people who don't know what one was
with the context
and I, Juan, it
's different content,
content for being creative every time, but the fact is
that a good content creator is
creativity,
creating content, but the merit of
being a person called and I, Juan, from
his [ __ ] house and having 40 people
watching how you speak in Andalusian and surely
70% don't even understand him.
[Music]
But for me, being a good
content creator, that's also It's better to
be saying so many things to upload to
tiktok with this bad light and this bad
face,
no, yes,
I don't see anything wrong with it. I don't see anything
wrong with it, the truth is it
was a  on Twitter,
man, people are writing to me
about the normal thing. Here,
several funas are being mixed up, no,
given the impact of the tweet, several
things, would you
be bald again like in 2020 no ...  I don't like
this chick I don't like
or dislike her I've never seen
anything of her the only thing I remember
seeing of her is about her salary once about her salary there was a lot of fuss about the subject of salary she is an influencer Well she uploads videos upload what I saw at the time were Chales they weren't like Chales like [Music] also content on Instagram
In my opinion it is a mistake to admit that I could
only have affected him the
comment I didn't say that it could only have
affected him it was wrong well I
apologize for bad but if
we had to be apologizing
to express normal I think I would
apologize More times than I speak a
day or so
Pro Iguala is enough in its context equal to
I [ __ ] on everything to literal that everything
everything has to be understood like that the
usual ones have been offended 90% of us
Andalusians do not take offense Although
obviously I know that
this is precisely what happens
to me too or happens to us with a lot of
things referring to Catalans and
Catalonia in general that it pisses me off
when suddenly  four
Catalans jump in or many of me don't care to get
offended by things they say about the
gallants because it's those
offended Catalans who then because of
them put us in the same bag that
all Catalans are like that all
Catalans get offended by this all
Catalans have thin skin and
the majority of Catalans don't care and we
have, I think, enough sense of
humor to even laugh at
ourselves so how do I
understand when people make
comments like that about me my
Autonomous community or my city or my
language which is not even my language because I don't even
know how to speak Catalan perfectly well I do
n't understand how then other people
from other places get offended but of course
I can tell you that as an Andalusian it
hasn't offended me at all It
seems to me that I have commented on this subject
because it has gone very viral Look
here also in your stories
a statement will be posted I think I am the
first person that you always say that you do
n't understand because you speak quickly and without
vocalizing you know that it would never occur to me to
think  so from Andalusian and much
less to say it thanks to those who are
rectifying and especially those who
understood me the first time which luckily
I am the majority. Let's see, that's what I'm telling you, I
mean, I've tried it
because of the issue that has gone very viral
but really it's that it doesn't seem to me that
this topic has the greatest impact
I don't think that this topic has the greatest
impact
or that it should be given the most importance there
is, he already
apologized 70 times guys I'm going to watch
the video because I'm going for a
walk with the family okay before I get
ready for the live tonight on
telesalseo and we're going to watch the
nature video that you're insisting a lot
also that I watch the nauter video no that it
's
about the pullita that Juan
threw at me yesterday on the salseo channels
take advantage of the sun
What time is SEO at 10:30
at 10:30
good good Let's see it come on go Let's
see it from nuter let's see
how Juan guarnizo is  humiliated by
auronplay's mom regrettable I think I think it
will be a little about
me Clean is not
worth places we'll see that later tomorrow or
whatever no what I
thought I would say I think here will
come out The donation has surely not gone
very viral on networks The
donation
but Juan guarnizo is even giving me
pity It seems that every time they divide and
separate that line less and they are
getting into personal things
but the thing is that everyone is getting involved
and it is very complicated and it is very
stressful okay I think that here I had not
understood this before okay when we
saw the clip separately I
think that here he is clearly referring to Auro's mother and brother drink welcome Thank you very much for that Prime welcome to the family I think he is saying this because of the issue of auron's brother and mother clearly well really not so much that he [ __ ] himself sleeping in a bed much better than
mine and with so many millions in the bank I would
like to have his sorrows damn
shame that no penis let's not confuse us if
we stick to what his brother called him
auronplay the most beautiful
impotent contract has known people in my
circle to put the blackboard in
my partner since with the injections I
can't get an erection Haha poor
shits you lack street the
pizza gets stuck inside him like a
turtle's head it's a much more
complicated issue Juanito what you were talking about with
personal issues
And what personal things are there no more
is What personal things are there no more let's
see yes it's true that some
Dallas montages And such But the fact is that
here he is not referring to Dallas he
is referring to the people who comment on
the controversy
the
personal issue is being talked about because of the
things that the brother is commenting on and
when the brother comments on them the
gossip channels well we read the stories I
don't know what
you attacked him pointing out what we have
down there how he feels loved It's
not that I don't remember his name
but he's the smallest Dick Energy I've ever
seen in my [ __ ] life Uy no no no but
but he literally says no but I don't
see it the same I mean the zasca is well brought
but I don't see it the same because
here the other one first  you had
attacked the woman with the Lorlie thing I don't
know what no And then
he responds as if to say that you're messing
with a woman That thing about having her or rather like
well No here no no no no no no no no no sorry sorry sorry I withdraw withdraw withdraw withdraw
withdraw it's true Wait
wait about the insulin
Yes yes but Wait wait to see
Juan first attacked His content as if to
say that it was about having or rather like it was
a content like very sexist or
whatever no like it was about feeling
insecure like the typical guy with a
small dick and such Well yes of course Yes yes yes shut up shut up it's that
I was thinking
that it was in defense because Of course it
's true that then the other one got
much more involved with the response well
messing with the relative no Yes
yes it's true it's true Between what
your 95 year old grandfather would tell you I don't
even know free senile and drunk Okay go on
you take Calling a cuckold I don't know
how long That's not personal nowadays
having imposed yourself drawn a line now
everything that comes you have to eat it my
friends as I have told you and the truth
how am I going to keep repeating all the
time that I am going to worry solely and
exclusively about my peace of mind and
I am very tired of the tense atmosphere that
exists on the internet in the last few
weeks, the last few months,
many of you are not aware and it
is not because I am poor or
anything. This is something that I
understand is part of my job and
that I have to learn to deal with and I think I have
learned to deal with it over
time but it has been approximately a month
and a half now where every week I have
different people telling me all
kinds of things What are you waiting for, defend yourself when you
want or better yet, when it suits you, well, I have
seen you turned on Cortana fuse,
you also get your
spankings, you also get your [ __ ]
spankings, you sons of [ __ ],
my words are being misinterpreted in a
way that I do not like at all, to the
point that several channels here, for
example, I want to read them, the titles have
completely misused my
words that I do not like, selective defense of
pride, okay, depending on
what they throw poison at it, it has been a week they
call me this, a week they call me that, a week they call me that
and  one
week they tell me the other thing I've literally been doing for
over a month and a half and so on and they
're getting very intense with me
when they're not getting intense and they
often drag me into problems
that I'm not even involved in
and I have absolutely nothing to do with it
about to say it Juanito
when they're not getting intense and that's when I know he's kept quiet You know I'm
also left wondering what it is that they've kept
quiet what it is that they've cut off there
how they get intense and when he doesn't
get intense with coco who is the
canceled one and he's going to say yes And it's that
immediately after he says that they're
involving him in things that he
has nothing to do with like
[Music] well
look at you I thought he was going to
refer to Dallas
when they don't get in three or with Dalas
because they don't mess with me or something like that I don't
know I don't know I don't know but yes it does
fit more that it's because of coscu of course for
example what he's harassing him about Go
straight to him as much as Ari says
Juan defend yourself right lukewarm guy XD
lukewarm lukewarm
Gameplays and Juan Guarnizo defending
Coscu after the things that
some streamers like Ari did Gameplays or
Juan Guarnizo are defending this
abuser like this abuser is also
laughing in everyone's face
saying
But why don't he suck me up directly
Juan in the end I'm also going to think
that he's protecting him you said that Ari
was unfairly giving Coco more stick
apply them to you too no because
with Dallas no I don't know what
came to my head before because as he
always tends to talk indirectly about
Dallas I don't know what that is for what I
was thinking before it was something like I
realized that he kept
something quiet and I said that it's what he takes out now no that it's
what he's left behind
no that he has regretted yes no And
of course Dalas fit me because of the fact
of how he complains no I don't
throw him to give me more throw Mika
Dallas no something like that no
but no no yes yes it fits more with the
coscu thing of course I  I've been going for a month and a half
where every week I have to endure a
different insult
and they range from stupid
to illegal things, no joke,
illegal things. You're talking about insulin and
the black market. Please make donations
because I have to buy insults on
the black market to inject myself and not
gain weight and force Milhouse to
do it. I have my doubts since giving him
[ __ ] until 1915. Well, basically he
has a lot of tweets attacking the
people of Peru. Well, basically saying
that but being extremely
racist, extremely xenophobic, as if
he could talk about beauty XD saying
that Peruvian singers are [ __ ],
the most beautiful thing about Peru is leaving, making fun of the fact
that the people of
Peru are ugly, but since he
doesn't have the balls, he speaks clearly and distinctly, crybaby, that's how I've been since all this started happening. I've decided to stay absolutely silent, not say anything, try to manage my normal life, try to manage my normal content, try to focus on the
good things and that's what I'm trying to
do all the time. I only ask you
please don't be annoying. I mean, if
you want to consume  the
gossip content every week and talking about
this topic believe me I have a very good
relationship with almost all of these channels
well the nuance gets along with almost
everything with me don't even try it because it has
ghosting assured to all this This
is for Javi Oliveira there are already things that
I simply do not agree as it
goes for me no I
mean no he has not even doubted it No I have put
there as options no Hey maybe the
youtuber gossip Hey maybe the cell phone
Uncle Sur no but no no no no no no no no no no no
but Uncle Zur has not done it and the cell phone have
not made clips of how
Auron and Juan get along lately only I have
done it
Javi you are everywhere Javi Forget about
the Hole
I am already looking for a gap to watch the
movie of the Hole he
is being very lukewarm with Juan Exactly
Marlene I always am always I am
but he is not going to put me in the hole no
Sur has spoken about the subject I would swear that I have
seen some miniature or something to the
south
goodbye to the eight kids our last
chance
of  go into an event dude with people
Goodbye to the hole guys it
's a full live talking about whether I
get along with a person or not, these
are things that are overlooked, that it
even feels dirty you know
[ __ ] Well look friends what was it I had
a new chat and cleared everything up no
Juanito this concerns the analysis of the
supposed estrangement you have with
auronplay and both couples but now let's get
with that I absolutely pass over
everything and that's the only thing I'm going to tell you
probably with this you already have one
more video have one more live but
if you want to get more out of me you're not going to get
more out of me because I absolutely pass
on this shitty environment it's very
annoying It's very uncomfortable it's sad Hey
can you stop please before continuing to
watch the video
can you stop writing things about the
hole
can you stop saying that they
harmed me the eight today the 8 the 8 the 8 the one
that was missing here already eh to explode
no
the south has commented on it in his own way only
telling the content but the thing is that I have
done it more or less the same or
rather I, I don't Let's see  I can't give him
anything in favor
in the sense that I can't defend him here I
mean I don't agree with the
attitude they've taken with
the Goku issue I don't agree
It's that I can't say anything else I've
looked at it
goodbye to squid games 3 man I
mean we're in 2023 They've already kicked me out of
squid games 3 I mean they haven't
even
started it's spreading
discouraged face but I don't even
understand why you're lukewarm with Juan but if it
seemed wrong to him he could have sent you a
message and passed it on to you let's see the
truth is maybe maybe there has
been a message maybe not from
Juan personal messages I don't write
no but I would have cared
if he sent me a message let's see I don't care
No I can't let's see I can't be any lukewarmer
anymore what I'm going to end up doing is blocking
everyone from talking to me nobody
understands me I mean if you want me to
tell you I'm not attacking or
I'm you know or I'm slandering or anything like that
take coco out of the candle of  she
maybe the boy didn't know he was being
so obvious
don't block me no Enrique you
weren't lukewarm the most correct thing
you said It's that I can't see blue the
news is not that I can't
do anything else And it's that I can't give him
any points because it's that I don't
agree with how they are managing the
issue what do I do maybe maybe I'm
wrong no but for me they are not
managing it well the truth for me I don't
like what they are doing I do
n't like what they are doing
and perfect if you want to consume that And you
want to continue talking about it that's fine I have
been for a month and a half where I tell you they have
called me absolutely everything and they have
told me absolutely everything and I don't
care a little now the truth is
I care very little it doesn't matter either that it
seems that he is going to throw you a bridge and let's
go with that Juan because I'm tired of
Go cry the argument of many
people to justify said
distancing is based on
Juan's plans in Barcelona friends the only
person who knows that I travel apart from the
people from the Kings League I think it is
pool is with the only person who has
spoken is that really friends I go with
a  a very different plan than the
other times in Spain believe me I'm
going with a completely work mentality
to be able to continue what I
'm doing right now which is what I
want to do and be close to the team the
only thing that matters to me about this trip is
precisely that because if I'm going to see so and so,
if I'm going to do a live show with this one,
if I'm going to kiss the other one believe me I
have absolutely no plans in
that the point is that geographically
they're going to be very close and in fact today Ari
said this is impossible you
know that they don't live here
So it's very complicated we have a
very complicated week too, I
would talk to him, they talked to him Well, those who can
come to Barcelona are the ones we're going to be
seeing but right now we
can't move I think I'm going to see
hoyito I really want to go out and have a drink
with Harol G and I already told him baby with you and he
said yes he said yes and there we are do
n't [ __ ] with me with orogy often they're
going to put together an opinion if two friends with whom he
has one
before they give their opinion I'm
going to give it and in the same as the
other's  day there's a bad vibe if they're such
sisters such friends and all this stuff that they get
along
if you go to Barcelona four or five times
a year from Andorra you come down I
mean if you're telling me that Auron is here
right now but if now
the tasty old man is semi-retired
if he's come down on other occasions
or not eh or they or they there or
whatever not a
supposedly strong friendship they come from
far away at least he makes an effort
to see them no that the work issue is there
of course on other occasions there's
distancing I'm
sorry for saying dirty things
exactly in the same city too
but who wants to can in sight he's
with Arroyec who's going to move
someone with whom he has less
strong ties Okay then Now in play he also
asked him and he spoke As if he didn't
know anything about the subject Good afternoon
A little greeting now that he's in Spain
Well I don't know the truth no no I
suppose I
have no idea I haven't spoken
about it So no no you're not going to
say I was wrong strange to say the least
but Hey We'll leave it there At the end of the day
we're talking about theory right well
as the icing on the cake as if that weren't
enough we have a new  component
auronplay's mom joins the party what's what's
going on damn how ugly I
can't keep quiet anymore this guy is fake, self-
interested and [ __ ]
auronplay's mother I'm
not laughing at what he says I'm laughing at the
situation I'm not laughing at what he says water
eh I'm not laughing I'm laughing at the situation So
suddenly we're live and
auron's mom shows up and sends some
Beats but just like that you know I
mean because she could have written to me maybe she
sent me an audio once in a while she
sent me you know but but no no no
no she didn't put it on vi so
everyone could see it I mean no that I
've
hardly ever spoken to her privately eh but yes
it's true that on some occasions they've
sent me a message or whatever you
know I'm saying it because no she's
never told me things or anything I swear I mean
really but
yes it's true that maybe if she couldn't hold it in she
could have sent me a
message that Juan trying to cover up
that they don't get along  with they save saying that I
work on it while Ari is
screaming at a party with friends Hahaha he
says at first that's bad nothing not even
hair here I'm not laughing at what I
said to Juan it's the circumstance
no and he's live
and suddenly boom Auron's mother knows appears and tells us and says that there in a live not Auron's motherplay how strong And yes in case anyone doubts to throw [ __ ] at Juan you don't win for upsets he's doing his own thing for God's sake leave him
alone come on I'll allow you to cry a
little more you deserve absolutely
all of that because well I understand that the
internet is content and we are
clowns in front of a camera and
we have to endure absolutely everything
that comes to us but
for my part it's that way
for my part it's that way it's very
annoying It's very uncomfortable it's very sad
me too I'm here and have you realized
that the last month that I've been doing my
things without more since the whole internet
went to hell the only thing I've
dedicated myself to is doing my things but what the
[ __ ] stages from here already  All that's missing is the
sister to throw [ __ ] at and wait
maybe she said something what happens is that
since nobody sees her we haven't found
out the mother also deleted
Juan she hasn't said anything sister if we hadn't we would have
found out I think eh because in the
end the roulette
roulette the only photo she had with Juan
on instagram this hurts it hurts the soul
okay each person is individual
independent but damn are we talking
about auronplay's family no if
half with auronplay these would be
behaving this way Maybe yes
because they also seek attention from the
astral vision P.S. if we stick to
Juan's alarmist messages there are
many more people also I
tell you one thing I do
n't know what you think
for us for the divine gossip no
but I really if I were auron I
would prefer that my relatives not have to
meddle in my things or at
least my mother
because what I want to say I say I
know But as I understand that everyone
has the right to be free to express themselves
and say what they want and such
no but in the end what you say  mother it's
going to affect you no I do
n't know what you all think about that
I I wouldn't want my mother to get
involved in my gossip I
understand that she's a mother who is
hurt if she explodes you know but getting involved in
gossip with getting involved
in gossip with youtubers
Come on But Javi how do you ask a mother
not to defend her children but the fact is that she's
35 years old just like me she didn't
defend him very well in the area
Yes yes but the funa thing was like something
more generic it's like when I gave the
examples I don't remember what it was you know
but the funa thing was like an attack from
everyone it wasn't like an attack the
networks are attacking me So there yes
but in a specific conflict I don't
know the truth I do
n't know the truth I have
mixed feelings there it depends Up to
what And how the mother does it
you know if they do it let's see what the other
day was not that bad maybe not but
if she already starts doing things that maybe I do
n't want to give the examples
I would say there
No it's not that it has anything to do with  bad
doctor strange but it is true that
what the mother says is like it
gives you a little understanding of what the
family thinks or what the family in general may think it
is not like maybe if I do not want to
reveal that I am bad with Juan then
through my mother it will be known that they
can contribute to you in a positive way and that they
tell you positive things
but the negative things become very noticeable
and when you go for several
weeks like this it becomes very noticeable
and it makes you believe that things are going bad it
makes you believe that the whole world is
against you it makes you believe that you are a son of a
[ __ ] and you are a monster like people
say but then you realize that
there are many people who love you and that they
will be there for you
and I do
n't know it's just like that the
human mind works family too as I say
and having confidence auronplay can't
give them a touch it seems to me that no In fact
Although it may seem stupid I think he is
on the last step but individually and
publicly neither orroncito for your
soul mate I mean we can read 200
nice comments we read only one
bad one and we nail each other  we nailed that that's it
in fact Auron's brother put something
like stop crying to my brother
so I shut up because I'm not going to
shut up no something was imposed Auron's brother
maybe Auron told him Hey don't
involve us in this I don't know what and they said
listen to me we'll get involved whether we
want and and we
read 300 nice comments and the only one we
say the best I'm going to respond to
this son of a [ __ ] is the ugly comment It's
always like this it's going to be very
bad for him [ __ ] Okay my people, that's it We
've arrived I'll be reading you and we'll
see you tomorrow
with you we'll finish today over here because I'm
going to leave Hey
today I'm going to leave very early but I have to
take a shower seven I have to
take a shower I have to
do some things we have to walk because the
live shows are not working anymore at this time eh we've had
4,000 people 1200 on twist We've
reached and We've reached
3100 on YouTube
and for sure  If I stayed at least
until 8 we have bad basically I
have to go today
but things aren't going too bad at all they are
n't going too bad they
're calling me guys
see you Tonight at Teresa salsa
okay
[Music]